README.md, before:

Traktoid
===================

A simple android app that works with the Trakt API http://trakt.tv/

![](https://lh6.ggpht.com/28NWKnVI39_8PFJj9RjDYStgGFtBKX_wdgrBqljw2TcKjn47u_hH7-xSu10HqRd_-S4=h230)
![](https://lh6.ggpht.com/M4Hq4K4vCvrbMh8BXTMk58-TUro8asPqofONh1QkB1z6fYbE11_DOYBsEHbtPB_J7m4=h230)
![](https://lh4.ggpht.com/btKj-rl6689-ws1m9h6IzChmfqCGVaBzSUYtGrF9cuUrwdbYilRHu9J0QifUjPeEPgY=h230)
![](https://lh6.ggpht.com/qDochjwGy2HGFYpJNWSgf2RS4qVFsl3ML6YnPMiIWb-3NzjOaSUbrFJ34nEPXNdDXJ0h=h230)
![](https://lh4.ggpht.com/UnILKnxqB_l4brCFCfaxifyqgNGAnHFaWiJ65aECfDsZoy_wXlpicl3ELA5yFQQe4bM=h230)

I wrote this application in my spare time to test some android libraries I've heard about and also because I found Trakt great! 
Feel free to contact me at florian.pub@gmail.com, on twitter @florianmski or even on Trakt : florianmski ;)

You can download it here for free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.florianmski.tracktoid

You are an android dev and want to help this project ?
Just send me a pull request with a correction or a new functionnality ;)
Contact me if you want to have an access to users stacktraces

This app use the following libs, thanks to the authors !

- trakt-java : https://github.com/JakeWharton/trakt-java/ (my fork : https://github.com/florianmski/trakt-java)
- ActionBarSherlock : https://github.com/JakeWharton/ActionBarSherlock
- ViewPagerIndicator : https://github.com/JakeWharton/Android-ViewPagerIndicator (my fork : https://github.com/florianmski/Android-ViewPagerIndicator)
- AndroidQuery : https://github.com/androidquery/androidquery
- QuickAction : https://github.com/lorensiuswlt/NewQuickAction3D
- ACRA : http://code.google.com/p/acra/
- CoverFlow based on : http://code.google.com/p/android-coverflow/ which is based on : http://www.inter-fuser.com/2010/02/android-coverflow-widget-v2.html
- icons http://thenounproject.com/



TODO List
=========

- Tablet interface
- All Trakt functionnalities



Developed By
============

* Florian Mierzejewski - <florian.pub@gmail.com>



License
=======

    Copyright 2011 Florian Mierzejewski

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

update README, Traktoid is now under the Beer-Ware License. Do WTF you want with this code :)

README.md, after:

Traktoid
===================

A simple android app that works with the Trakt API http://trakt.tv/

![](https://lh6.ggpht.com/28NWKnVI39_8PFJj9RjDYStgGFtBKX_wdgrBqljw2TcKjn47u_hH7-xSu10HqRd_-S4=h230)
![](https://lh6.ggpht.com/M4Hq4K4vCvrbMh8BXTMk58-TUro8asPqofONh1QkB1z6fYbE11_DOYBsEHbtPB_J7m4=h230)
![](https://lh4.ggpht.com/btKj-rl6689-ws1m9h6IzChmfqCGVaBzSUYtGrF9cuUrwdbYilRHu9J0QifUjPeEPgY=h230)
![](https://lh6.ggpht.com/qDochjwGy2HGFYpJNWSgf2RS4qVFsl3ML6YnPMiIWb-3NzjOaSUbrFJ34nEPXNdDXJ0h=h230)
![](https://lh4.ggpht.com/UnILKnxqB_l4brCFCfaxifyqgNGAnHFaWiJ65aECfDsZoy_wXlpicl3ELA5yFQQe4bM=h230)

I wrote this application in my spare time to test some android libraries I've heard about and also because I found Trakt great! 
Feel free to contact me at florian.pub@gmail.com, on twitter @florianmski or even on Trakt : florianmski ;)

You can download it here for free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.florianmski.tracktoid

You are an android dev and want to help this project ?
Just send me a pull request with a correction or a new functionnality ;)
Contact me if you want to have an access to users stacktraces

This app use the following libs, thanks to the authors !

- trakt-java : https://github.com/JakeWharton/trakt-java/ (my fork : https://github.com/florianmski/trakt-java)
- ActionBarSherlock : https://github.com/JakeWharton/ActionBarSherlock
- ViewPagerIndicator : https://github.com/JakeWharton/Android-ViewPagerIndicator (my fork : https://github.com/florianmski/Android-ViewPagerIndicator)
- AndroidQuery : https://github.com/androidquery/androidquery
- QuickAction : https://github.com/lorensiuswlt/NewQuickAction3D
- ACRA : http://code.google.com/p/acra/
- CoverFlow based on : http://code.google.com/p/android-coverflow/ which is based on : http://www.inter-fuser.com/2010/02/android-coverflow-widget-v2.html
- icons http://thenounproject.com/



TODO List
=========

- Tablet interface
- All Trakt functionnalities



Developed By
============

* Florian Mierzejewski - <florian.pub@gmail.com>



License
=======

    "THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):
    You can do whatever you want with this stuff. 
    If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it, you can buy me a beer in return.
